what kind of lifestyle you can afford is a junior officer is really gonna
be dependent on what your current financial situation is. To begin
with. Some people come into the service, start out with nothing in
their bank accounts where other people already have. Ah, nice nest
egg built up. So that's gonna be dependent on where you're at. Starting
out financially, however, you need to, you know, be good stewards
with your money and make sure that you're not spending it on frivolous
things because I can catch up with you in the long run. You need
to live within your means and make sure that you're also putting
some money away monthly Uh, toe for that kind of buffer, that savings
buffer. And you could do that. Bye already having certain money allocated
from your paycheck before you even receive it? Go directly to,
say, a savings account or some other type of savings vehicle before
you even actually touch that money. And so that's what I'd recommend
is is taking a percentage of your money from every paycheck and
making sure that you're paying yourself first by having to go to some
sort of savings account and live within your means.